hi YouTube it's latisha from look under
here and today I'm here with a quick fix
for you guys now a lot of shirts have
shoulder pads especially if you buy it
from thrift stores and some of the
shoulder pads are easy to take out
like ones like this you can already see
the shoulder pad you could quickly pop
out all the seams from it but others are
complicated like this one and I took out
the shoulder pads for this one so it
fits me a lot better still not perfect
but I really couldn't pass up this
blazer it's 100% silk as floral it's
huge and today I'm here to show you guys
how to quickly take out these shoulder
pads with minimal damage and how to
repair it right afterwards it took me
less than 20 minutes so this is the
blazer that I will be working on today
it is very very large and very very long
I have a summer 2011 lookbook coming out
very soon with this blazer featured
inside so you guys can stay tuned for
that and we can now proceed to this very
very quick tutorial so I'm just gonna
quickly pop off a few threads you don't
have to take out the whole thing
just be careful as always especially
because this is a silk piece if you can
see this is the fluff of the shoulder
pad if you can work off this much of
space then you would have to do less
sewing so you can try holding out the
shoulder pads so shoulder pads are held
by these threads you see these darker
ones I'm just gonna chop them off
that's a lot of shoulder so this is my
shoulder pad I have extracted it and
here is the rest this is the interior of
the Blazer I'm just gonna stuff the guts
back in if you can see this is the
amount that I have to repair just do
that on the other side and then we can
start sewing so there is no way of
closing up the shoulder seam and having
it look exactly like it was before
unless you turn the whole thing inside
out and sew it all over again but we're
going to try and make it look as close
to the original as possible so I lightly
pinch the seam close together and with
similar colored thread just gonna patch
it up
so tie a knot at the beginning and then
quickly run
your needle in and out of the seam kind
of like blind hemming but this isn't so
blind
and then once you're done just tie it
off
so poke the needle through here and with
the loop of the thread place it over the
needle and then hope you could do that a
couple of times for insurance purposes
here is what it looks like so this is
the untouched seam and this is the
repaired seam so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video remember if you have any any
sort of question to ask me my email is
down below other than that don't forget
to hit back and I will talk to you later
bye